[THEME MUSIC]
>>LISA GARR: If you
believe in destiny,
you will love the
story of Susan Miller.
In 1995, Susan was one of the
original internet pioneers
launching astrologyzone.com.
And then in 2013, she created
the wildly popular app
Daily Horoscopes--
Astrology Zone, which I love.
And in 2016 alone, the app
generated 22 million sessions.
But the road has not always
been so smooth for Susan.
She was born with a
birth defect in her leg,
which perplexed doctors.
And it was her mother, a
very talented astrologer
who taught Susan about
destiny and astrology.
And this knowledge
helped Susan enormously
through her healing process.
Thank you so much
for being here.
>>SUSAN MILLER: Thank you.
Thank you for asking me on.
What an exciting show you have.
[CHUCKLES]
>>LISA: It's so wonderful.
And what you've done, I
mean, it's just incredible.
So take me back to Little Mom.
>>MILLER: Ah, my mother.
My mother did not want
to teach me astrology.
I had to keep begging her.
>>LISA: Why?
>>MILLER: Well, she said a
little knowledge is dangerous.
And you see it on the internet.
The internet's great because all
this information is out there,
but it's not so great
because some people don't
know how to verify where they're
getting their information from.
>>LISA: Now, yeah.
>>MILLER: And my mother said,
you have to study 12 years
or you won't be any good.
And you're going to start
reading for your friends.
Well I said, Little Mom,
I don't have any friends.
I had been in the hospital
at age 14 for 11 months.
And they had to paralyze
the leg from the knee down.
They tourniquetted
it so tight that I
had a drop foot and no feeling.
I couldn't move it.
I couldn't do anything.
And the doctor said, we
didn't have a choice.
We were either going to lose
you, or the leg, or both.
So we had to do this.
And he was the Chief of Staff
of the Hospital for Joint
Diseases, and I loved him.
And I just thought,
OK, I mean, I'm here.
I'm still alive.
>>LISA: That's a big decision.
>>MILLER: I knew it was
going to be a big operation.
No one else did, including him.
But they found out my veins
were made of tissue paper
and would varnish
under pressure.
Pressure could be being
happy for Santa Claus coming,
or being happy for my
birthday, or having surgery
is pressure on the body.
And he faced one of the
worst operations of his life.
And he was an orthopedic
surgeon, not a vascular cardio
man.
And yet, he was brilliant.
He went to Oxford, and he
was a Fulbright scholar,
and, I mean, he just
had all those degrees.
He did figure it out.
He said, look, Susie, we
have to first straighten out
the circulatory
system, but then you're
going to go into three
years of therapy.
Every day, six hours a
day, five days a week.
>>LISA: As a teenager.
>>MILLER: You're young.
We're going to bring it back.
And I walked.
And I don't have crutches.
And I always called my
crutches my chopsticks.
And I had a brace up to here.
And I just wanted to
know if all that I
was going to go
through-- because I
had to give up high school.
I went from junior
high to college--
if that was going to work.
If all that effort had
a rainbow at the end.
And my mother wouldn't teach me.
She kept saying, no, no, no.
>>LISA: But she was reading
you the whole time, right?
>>MILLER: Yes And she had books.
So my sister would
take the books
off the shelf, put
them in my room
under the dust ruffle of my bed.
And then I would read them,
and Jenna would come home,
and put them back on the shelf.
[LAUGHTER]
And my mother didn't know I
was studying all her textbooks.
And finally, one day she
walked into the living room.
I was writing a paper
on my typewriter.
And she said, did you write
to "Horoscope" magazine.
I thought, how
does she know that?
I said, yes, but they
never answered me.
She pulled out the envelope,
the latest issue and she said,
you're in this issue, Susan.
It has to be you.
It's your birthday, your time
of birth, your city of birth,
your problem.
This is you, isn't it?
I'm like, yes.
Well, you wouldn't
teach me astrology,
so I needed a second opinion,
because you're always
so optimistic, Little Mom.
I wanted a second opinion.
So I said, what did the lady
say, the editor in chief?
And she said, well,
let's read it together.
And when you're asking a
question of an astrologer,
there's no definite yes or no.
You're putting pieces
of a puzzle together.
Great family support.
Good attitude of the patient.
Lives in a big city.
Access to great facilities.
Jupiter in the right
place to help her recover.
All kinds of things like that.
And they said at
the end, we think
you're going to walk again.
And so I said, Little Mom, what
do those astrological terms
mean?
You have to teach me.
She said, but you
already have your answer.
And I just looked
at her and I smiled.
And she said, oh
no, you're going
to check the editor in chief.
And I'm like, of course.
>>LISA: [LAUGHS]
>>MILLER: She said, you're
never going to stop asking.
I said, never.
12 years, you're not to read
one chart outside the family.
Now, I had a lot of
Italian relatives.
My mother was from German--
>>LISA: Oh, so you
had a lot of family.
>>MILLER: And German
has to be-- you know.
But all my aunts and
uncles lived upstairs.
I was like, OK, do me.
Do me.
And my mother would be there.
And she said, I will tell
you when you're ready.
But it's going to take 12 years
because you have to build up
all these synapses
in your brain,
because you have to juggle eight
planets plus the sun and moon,
and then the transiting
ones, so you double that.
And there's a lot of math.
And I love geometry.
So I'm doing that all day long.
And people say I'm psychic.
I'm not at all.
God has a plan for us.
>>LISA: Uh-huh.
Obviously.
[LAUGHS]
>>MILLER: We're systematically
rewarded and challenged
systematically to teach
us certain things.
But nobody, not
one astrologer ever
met when they're
little says, I want
to grow up and be an astrologer.
I certainly didn't want to.
I wanted to be accepted.
I wanted to be in a normal job.
>>LISA: Yes, yes, but look at
the journey you went through,
and what an inspiration.
>>MILLER: Well, it was
"Time Life" that came to me
and said, write a column
for our website in 1995.
I remember that
taxi ride downtown.
I knew it was going
to change my life,
because when I was little--
you're not going
to believe this--
I sit, nine years old,
mommy, read my chart.
And she said, well,
you're going to write.
I said, write?
No one in our family
write for a living.
You're going to write and I'm
going to work on your grammar.
I'm not sure what
you're writing about.
[LAUGHTER]
Isn't that like what
a mom would say?
And then she said, when you
get to the end of your 30s,
some newly invented
form of communication--
so new we don't know
the name of it yet--
it will change the
way you work and be
the channel in which you make
your ultimate contribution
to the world.
I was thunderstruck,
because as little as five,
I remember playing on--
I might have been six--
playing blocks while my
sister slept in the crib,
because we're a
four-year difference.
And my mother's big blue eyes
coming close to me saying,
did you ever wonder why
you were born, Susan?
No, mommy.
>>LISA: [LAUGHS]
>>MILLER: Well, we all
need to think about that
and we all need
to find an answer.
So my mother was
deeply philosophical.
So now I'm nine and she's
giving me a clue of where--
>>LISA: And you
remember all this.
>>MILLER: --that's
going to-- oh,
it was like a choir of angels.
I have Aquarius on the
top of the mid-heaven,
where 12 is on the clock.
And she said, Aquarius
is what's invented next.
I drove her crazy.
What could it be?
How do you know?
You're looking at
a piece of paper.
How do you know?
She said, somehow
connected with electricity.
So this is getting
even more mysterious.
And you know how kids are.
They don't let up.
>>LISA: They don't stop, yeah.
>>MILLER: So that
week, I kept it up.
She said, look,
Aquarius is an air sign.
It's the little zigzags.
That's air.
There's little
lines or dots that
go through the air that's
invisible that's somehow
associated with your writing.
>>LISA: She didn't know
about the internet.
There was no clue.
>>MILLER: It wasn't even in
the paper or anything yet.
I was so little.
>>LISA: That's amazing.
>>MILLER: I know.
I was born in little
house on the prairie time.
[LAUGHS]
>>LISA: So then how did
you get to starting it?
I mean, how did it
all come together?
Well, you launched that in 1989.
>>MILLER: Well, I was an agent
for commercial photographers.
And I love dealing
with creative people.
It's my favorite thing
in the whole world.
And I had a photographer who
I had looked at 100 portfolios
and I picked him.
He did splashes, spills,
and pours so gracefully.
And he never said, we'll
fix it in the system.
He would fix it on film.
And I took the two creative
directors to lunch.
They were from
Saatchi & Saatchi.
Scott said to me, my
wife would love you.
I said, I would love her.
What does she do?
And he said, she's creative
director of Warner Books.
I'd like you to go up
there and say hello to her.
Well, those were the days where
you still did call on people.
Not like now, that everything's
become so impersonal.
>>LISA: Text, yeah.
>>MILLER: I did go up there
and she'd give me galleys.
She'd give me books.
She'd give me things.
And I would read her chart.
We would have fun.
And when I was an agent, you'd
go from agency to agency,
but sometimes you had
an hour in between.
So I'd run up to the
Time Life building
on 6th Avenue and 50th street.
And one day she said, I
have a feeling about you.
Someday, I'll get you a book.
>>LISA: Wow, nice.
>>MILLER: Now, it's
very hard for a person
to see you in another
role usually in society.
Five years go by, nothing.
And I never mentioned it again.
I thought it was just
sweet for her to say that.
And sometimes when I walk
along the sidewalk, I'd say,
I wonder what would
have happened if I
would have gotten that book.
Would my life have changed?
And one day she calls me.
It's 1994 and she says, I
have good news and bad news.
I said, give me the good news.
I have your book.
I said, you meant it?
It's just a little book.
The bad news is you've got
to write it really quickly.
And I didn't have
the website yet.
So I said sure.
It's sold out and
then she said, I'm
sending you to the webmaster.
>>LISA: Oh, that's
what happened.
>>MILLER: And I said,
what do they want?
And she said, they don't know.
And I'm glad she said that.
And you really should
disagree with management
if you think their
direction is wrong.
If your listeners have anything
to take away, it's that.
And I said to them,
what would you like?
And they said something
short for women every day.
I said, no, this
isn't a girl thing.
Men love astrology.
And I will write
in a detailed way.
We must write long--
not short-- long for men
and women once a month.
They said, Susan, you're flying
in the face of web wisdom.
It's supposed to be short,
no more than 500 words.
I said, yeah, that's
good for other people,
but when it's about
the reader, then
you should give them
chock full of information.
>>LISA: It's true.
I read every single word.
>>MILLER: And I even
give them a summary.
>>LISA: And I took notes.
Yes, exactly.
[LAUGHTER]
>>MILLER: And
summaries sometimes
have things that are different.
Well, I write my summary
three months ahead.
>>LISA: Oh, they are
different, aren't they?
>>MILLER: Yeah.
So sometimes, I say
to myself, oh, I
didn't talk about
Scorpio's apartment,
but I have nowhere to put it.
So I'll just leave it down here
as little bits of chocolate.
>>LISA: Because I take notes
throughout the summary,
and then you have it
summarized, and then I
put them into my calendar.
>>MILLER: That's so good.
Well, I sell a calendar.
And you can just see
that certain days are
coming that are really good.
>>LISA: Let me ask
you a question.
You've thought of it all.
But do you do this
based on astrology?
>>MILLER: Mhm.
>>LISA: You do everything
based on the charts?
>>MILLER: Anything I say,
you can look up in a book.
That's very important to me.
And I do give the provenance
of everything I say.
I feel almost like a lawyer has
to persuade you to believe me.
This is really good.
It's not coming back until 2026.
Please take this seriously.
You'll see how I really try to
present my case to the reader,
because in my mind, the
reader's saying, so what?
Why should I listen to you?
>>LISA: Right.
Yes.
So you know that.
>>MILLER: I'll tell you why.
And you don't have to.
You have free will.
But if you do, you're
going to do really well.
>>LISA: Well, you are
an accredited astrologer
by the International Society
of Astrological Research, which
is amazing.
You went and did that
before or after college?
>>MILLER: They test,
you that's all.
And they read your writing.
And it's like that.
>>LISA: Fantastic.
Yes.
But your idea into
the wisdom, so--
>>MILLER: That was later.
I didn't really tell people
I knew astrology for years.
>>LISA: Wow.
>>MILLER: Did you know
before my mother died--
I would always come
over to her house.
She was right in
the neighborhood
and I didn't have to call.
She was always happy to see me.
So she's sitting in
her little chair,
like, Little Mom,
what are you reading?
>>LISA: Why do you
call her Little Mom?
>>MILLER: Well, she was so tiny.
She was teeny weeny.
She's 4 foot 11.
The doctor said, how tall
are you Mrs. [INAUDIBLE]??
She said, I'm 5 foot 7.
He calls me up.
Was she ever 5 foot 7?
No.
She just thinks of
herself that way.
>>LISA: That makes sense.
>>MILLER: Do not panic.
She was always little.
So I think at her tallest
stage, she was 5'' 1'.
But you shrink a
little bit as you get.
>>LISA: Yeah.
>>MILLER: But she
was sitting, reading,
and I said, what
are you reading?
And I go behind her.
You're reading "Gemini's
Astrology Zone."
But mom, you know
what's going to happen.
Why are you reading that?
And wait a minute, you
don't even have a computer.
She said, your sister prints
it out for me every month.
>>LISA: [LAUGHS]
>>MILLER: And I said,
why do you read it?
She said, I want to
see what you're saying.
I said, oh.
>>LISA: Is it any good?
>>MILLER: How am I doing?
And she goes like this
with a twinkle in her eyes.
You can continue.
>>LISA: Nice.
Validation
>>MILLER: Yeah.
And I gave her such a big kiss.
No-- she-- tone,
attitude, spirit
in the way you
convey information
was just as important to her.
And it is to me, too.
It's just innate.
But I love that about her.
Once a prisoner wrote
to me from jail.
When I had just started,
he wrote to the publisher
and I get the letter.
And I said, a person
in jail wrote to me.
She said, I hope
you're answering it.
I said, I am.
And her exact words was,
even that poor devil
needs inspiration and hope.
And I loved her for that.
>>LISA: Is that why you do it?
>>MILLER: So I wrote the answer
and I gave it back to my editor
so I wouldn't have my
own address on there.
>>LISA: You do go
into great detail.
What is the difference,
I've always wondered about,
the Vedic astrology
and what you do?
>>MILLER: Oh, Vedic
is very different.
It comes from India.
Now, to get a teeny bit
technical but not very,
the Earth rotates
three different ways,
but most people think only two.
Day and night, summer,
fall, winter, spring.
But there's another
way it rotates,
and I have to explain that.
Imagine our solar system
on a dinner plate.
And it's spinning, and spinning,
and spinning through space.
The whole solar system
on this dinner plate.
And it goes through
a retrograde motion.
So most of us were
born in the age
of Pisces, the age of
cathedrals and religion.
Now it has moved retrograde
into the Age of Aquarius.
Each age is 2,000,
2,200 years long.
It takes 26,000 years to go
all the way around and make
a full rotation.
We are in the Age
of Aquarius now.
The Vedics know and
we know that there's
precession of the equinox
where the constellations move
one degree every 72 years.
And they make the correction
in their form of astrology.
Western astrology does
not make the correction,
because it's called
sidereal astrology.
It's right in my computer.
I could tell you what the
Vedic method would be for you.
But we have found with
Western astrology,
it doesn't work if we
make the correction.
And anyway, it's
going to come back
to where it was originally.
And there is no 13th sign.
I talk about that on my website.
And it's all connected to this
procession of the equinoxes,
where things are moving.
You do not get your personality
from the constellations.
You get them from the planets.
Think of the constellations as a
big tape measure that glitters,
and it's beautiful,
and its stars.
I used to think constellations
were all over the globe.
No.
They're only within
that golden belt.
>>LISA: Ah.
So these are, what you
are talking about more,
are the personalities
of the sign.
>>MILLER: Yes, but everything.
Even the predictions
of when you'll
have a really rewarding
time or a challenging time,
it doesn't work when
we make the correction.
You can.
On any software program,
you can make it.
I could do it in two seconds.
>>LISA: I see.
>>MILLER: But it doesn't work.
We've tried it.
There's been white
papers written.
Western astrology does
not make the correction.
>>LISA: So what happens
when you see something
bad in someone's chart, where
they're going to be going
through a really rough time?
Do you tell them?
>>MILLER: Yeah, I do.
I say, you've got
to watch that job.
It could be that that company
may be merging or laying people
off.
You have to.
It's like letting your friend
go out, having lipstick,
like, all over her face.
It's not right.
You should tell them, but it's
so easy to overstate an aspect
and make it sound
worse than it is.
I've learned that things
aren't usually in the extreme.
You have to rein yourself
in if you're an astrologer,
and not go overboard.
There's this middle
course you have to take.
Eclipses are the most dramatic.
>>LISA: Why is that?
Let's talk about eclipses.
>>MILLER: Well, they
bring to the surface
things that are going on that
you had no idea were going on.
You can think of last summer.
July 27th was a very
difficult eclipse.
But then there was a very
good one on August 10th.
But sometimes you have
to give something up.
I sometimes say to myself,
OK, what is this eclipse going
to give to me?
It's going to ask for
a sacrificial lamb.
It's going to ask me
to give something up.
But it's going to give
me something, too.
Something ends and
something else begins.
>>LISA: That's a good
way of looking at it.
>>MILLER: And you know what?
Until you can step back
and see the whole pattern,
you can't say if it was a
good eclipse or a bad eclipse.
You have to wait a little bit.
And you usually can
turn difficult things
into positive things.
The Chinese say in every
reversal is opportunity.
And it's so true.
>>LISA: Is a reversal
what the retrograde is?
>>MILLER: Oh, no.
[CHUCKLES] It just means
a setback or something
very difficult happening.
>>LISA: What is a
Mercury retrograde?
Tell me about that, because they
seem to wreak a lot of havoc.
>>MILLER: It does, because
it happens so often,
every 12 weeks.
Mercury is the
planet of intellect,
of communication,
negotiation, commerce, buying
and selling, transportation,
shipping, customs,
the post office.
[LAUGHS] Sometimes you
hear of a letter coming
from 1942 getting delivered.
But there's such a cute
story about Little Mercury.
>>LISA: OK.
>>MILLER: Now, remember,
Mercury rules Gemini and Virgo.
So those two are
affected the most.
So Little Mercury
wakes up in his cave.
And he's like, why are
we in a cave, Mama?
This is terrible.
He talks from day
one, real speech.
His mother is like, well,
had an affair with Zeus.
We're not going to
talk about this.
Shh.
And why are you talking at all?
You're an infant.
So the baby crawls
out of the bassinet.
Says, I'm not going
to live in this cave.
I want to be on Mount Olympus
with my brothers and sisters,
even if they're not full
brothers and sisters.
So he steals Apollo's cattle.
And farmer is there.
And he says, you didn't see
me take this cattle here.
I'm going to pay you.
He's a clever,
street-smart baby.
And he makes the
cattle walk backward,
Mercury retrograde
so that Apollo
won't know where his cattle is.
And he takes one steer, and he
chops him up, and offers him
to the gods.
This is considered
very sophisticated.
The next day, he goes back to
make sure there's no clues.
He sees the same farmer.
But he's shapeshifted
and he said, did you
see a baby stealing
Apollo's cattle?
And he said, oh, yeah,
he went that way.
He's like, I paid him off
I can't even trust him.
So he turns him into stone.
So now by this time, Apollo's
noticed his cattle is missing
and is looking everywhere.
And finally, he's following
the breadcrumbs, so to speak.
He comes into the cave
with his great light.
The mother was just in awe
and doesn't know what to say.
And the baby makes
believe he's sleeping.
And Apollo says, I
know what you did.
The baby sits up
and argues with him.
What did you expect?
Look at this place.
You live here?
You live on Mount Olympus.
Nobody would want to live here!
So he's amused by him.
He says, I'm taking you to Zeus.
I don't know what
to do with you.
So he picks up the baby,
brings him up to Mount Olympus.
Zeus looks at the baby
and sees how smart he is.
He also looks just like him,
so he can't really disavow him.
Zeus says, here's what
we're going to do.
You will live up here.
And you speak so well,
you will speak for me.
You will always sit next to me.
But when you go 27 and
1/2 degrees away from me,
I will yank you right back.
And you must stay
here, but I will
let you travel to Heaven,
to Earth, to Hades.
Every other planet had strict
rules on where they could go.
Mercury, being the travel
planet, could go anywhere.
But there is a price for this.
You have to--
I need you.
You need to speak for me.
So whenever Mercury starts
wandering away, he says,
where are you?
>>LISA: And then
that's what happens.
>>MILLER: You're coming back.
>>LISA: So the planet
of Mercury wreaks havoc
and then it pulls us.
>>MILLER: When he's
retrograde, you
should never buy electronics.
When you have
Mercury retrograde,
you're usually
calling the repairman.
My dishwasher, which
was fairly new,
something went wrong
with it, and the man
came up, and said you
need a special part.
My TV, which I don't even use
that much in that one room--
it's a guest room--
conked out.
And you're not allowed to
buy a new electronic during.
So it's kind of
like, oh no, I have
to live like this for
another 2 and 1/2 weeks.
Mercury stays retrograde
for 3 and 1/2 weeks.
>>LISA: That's an
eternity at the time.
>>MILLER: It does feel that way.
If someone's listening and says,
wait a minute, I'm pregnant
and I'm going to have my
baby with Mercury retrograde,
not to worry.
>>LISA: I was
going to say, yeah.
>>MILLER: I'm born with
Mercury retrograde.
It makes a child
more philosophical
because they think deeply.
>>LISA: I mean, we have
production that goes on
during Mercury retrograde.
>>MILLER: Oh, it's tough.
TV and publishing.
Very difficult.
>>LISA: Yes, it is.
>>MILLER: Yeah there's
a lot of do-overs.
And I always tell
tech not to upgrade
the servers or the computers,
and they laugh at me.
Now they call me.
[LAUGHTER]
I tell lawyers, I'm
not signing contracts
with Mercury retrograde.
They'll only have to
be renegotiated later.
>>LISA: So you really
honestly live by it?
>>MILLER: Oh, yeah, I'm a
person of integrity, sure.
>>LISA: And you plan
everything based on this?
Your schedule, your
lunches, everything?
>>MILLER: I kind of know
because I write a calendar.
So I know what the year
is going to be like.
For example, my daughter
was going to get married.
And she wanted a wonderful day.
And her boyfriend, who she was
living with at the time, Leo,
and his friends were
saying, when are you
and Christy getting married?
And I'm starting to feel
bad I hadn't a day yet.
But I saw this one year was
very good in the beginning
and very awful from June on
with too many retrogrades.
You don't want to get married
with Venus retrograde.
Affection cools.
Now, with Mercury retrograde,
because it's a pact,
it's a promise, you
don't want that.
And you don't want
Mars retrograde either,
because then there'd
be no sex after awhile.
It would be terrible.
So I couldn't do that to her.
And so I'm going
through all this.
Now, here's an
interesting statistic.
Most brides marry within
six weeks of the birthday.
So I started with that.
And I found an ideal day
very close to her birthday,
because it's the sun
conjuncts the sun.
It's coming together.
Most people marry the son
of their mother or father.
Now, Christy read
that and told me that.
I said, that's not true.
Said, mommy, you
married a Scorpio.
Grandpa is a Scorpio.
Great grandmother is a Scorpio.
I'm like, oh my gosh.
It happened to me.
So I want everyone
to think about it.
And you say, why
does this happen?
It's because you're
familiar with the sign.
>>LISA: Right, and the negatives
and the positives of the sign.
>>MILLER: There's
a certain comfort.
>>LISA: Now, in your own
life, you use this, obviously,
and you write a year ahead.
Can you tell us about
a year ahead, 2019?
>>MILLER: Oh, it's going to
be a more productive year
than last year, because we
had all those retrogrades.
Now, you say, well,
every planet retrogrades.
Yes.
The outer planets,
when they retrograde,
you don't feel them as strongly.
Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus,
Neptune, and Pluto.
You don't feel them
as strongly as you
do Venus, Mercury,
and Mars, because they
orbit close to Earth.
You can even see them
with the naked eye.
So you really don't want
to do big initiations
when they're retrograde.
Next year, Venus and
Mars are perfect.
Now, of course, little Mercury,
little Dennis the Menace,
he's going to go back and forth.
But for all practical
purposes, it's
a much more productive year.
The year before this was a
year of looking back a lot.
When the planet goes
retrograde, you're
supposed to think
about what went wrong,
how can I fix it,
where am I vulnerable,
and make corrections.
And most people don't
want to hear about that.
Let me forge forward.
We're human.
But yes, there are times in
our life we need to look back.
It's good for us.
>>LISA: Yes.
So 2019 is more looking ahead.
>>MILLER: Forward, mhm.
>>LISA: Progress?
>>MILLER: Yeah, well, Jupiter's
in Sagittarius, which rules
broadcasting and publishing.
>>LISA: Fantastic for Gaia.
>>MILLER: And both
industries have
had to adjust to a digital age.
It's the golden
age of television,
they're saying now, because
you have all these streaming
videos--
>>LISA: Like this network, yes.
>>MILLER: --and high production.
In the old days, they had
kittens on skateboards.
I can't believe people
used their time that way.
>>LISA: Now we have this
great quality production.
>>MILLER: Yes.
And you'll see
more and more that.
And then magazines have died.
I make my living in magazines.
I write for 10
different magazines.
And it is a suffering industry.
But with Jupiter and
Sagittarius, it just went in,
and it will stay all
the way through 2019
until the beginning of December.
And that's a very hopeful
placement for Jupiter.
It took 12 years to get there.
Of course, if you're a Sagg,
it's the best thing ever.
>>LISA: Now, what
does that mean?
>>MILLER: Jupiter's the
giver of gifts and luck.
Whatever he touches, it expands.
And it puts you at the right
place at the right time
with the right idea.
And it's just magical.
>>LISA: Fascinating.
>>MILLER: And you usually
travel a lot more if, say,
you're a Sagg, or a
Leo, or an Aries--
those are all the
fire signs-- they're
going to benefit from this.
But then in December, Jupiter
will move into Capricorn,
and then the Earth signs
will get their turn.
Capricorn, Virgo, and
Taurus, but also the water
signs Pisces, and
Cancer, and Scorpio.
So the universe is an
equal opportunity employer,
so to speak.
>>LISA: So you should look
at the year ahead as one
with gifts and luck.
>>MILLER: Oh, absolutely.
I talk a lot about that.
But also, Saturn is
the great teacher.
So he challenges us,
and we have to learn.
>>LISA: That's life.
Life is full of challenges
so we can learn and grow.
>>MILLER: Yeah.
I think people make too
much of the difficulties.
And you can face it.
And God doesn't give us anything
more than we can handle.
>>LISA: I say that all the time.
And no wonder.
[LAUGHS]
>>MILLER: Yeah, really.
And my children kept
saying, change is good.
So whenever I face a crisis,
which is all the time--
>>LISA: Yep, for all of us.
>>MILLER: If you're
running a business,
it's part of the territory.
If you're stretching
and growing,
it's part of the territory.
Or if you have health
things, which I do,
because I was born
with a health defect.
And every once in a while,
I have to go in the hospital
and get a tune-up.
I say going back to
the doll hospital.
But it also opens your
heart, and makes you
more sensitive to other
people, and more compassionate.
So it always has a good side.
But I remember my
children saying,
mommy you always
said change is good.
Change is good, mommy.
And I'm like, oh
God, do say that?
But I have to find
the good in this.
And then I do.
>>LISA: And then you do.
Well, you have--
I mean, you really
have had-- an incredible life.
I mean, you're in
the middle of it.
You're in the middle
of this incredible--
I see you as everything
you touch turns to gold.
>>MILLER: [LAUGHS]
>>LISA: But it's
internet and the app.
>>MILLER: I have a director of
international apps in Istanbul
where we're building apps
for different cultures.
We're working on Brazil
right now and Spanish.
>>LISA: The apps are
free, which is wonderful.
>>MILLER: Well, I have a
free portion and then also
a paid portion.
In America, I have to
charge $4.99 a month.
Apple takes 30%.
So does Google.
And I do have to
keep the lights on.
>>LISA: But the free
portion is really great.
>>MILLER: But $1.25 a
week is less than a latte.
So it's not too bad.
>>LISA: Well, let's take a look
at one of Susan's creations,
her TV show.
Take a look.
>>MILLER: It's August, 2016.
I'm Susan Miller, and
this is "Astrology Zone."
[MUSIC PLAYING]
We start with a
fabulous new moon
August 2nd in Leo, one of the
sweetest new moons of the year.
It's a time to
act and do things.
There are no retrograde planets.
This new moon sets the tone.
Then on the 13th,
Saturn goes direct.
It has been going
retrograde since March.
Saturn rules some of the most
important long-term plans
that we put in place.
On the 18th, we have a
full moon in Aquarius.
We've got great aspects
surrounding this full moon.
Let's get started.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>LISA: I understand that one
of the composers of "The Hunger
Games" did your music for that.
See what I mean?
Everything you
touch turns to gold.
>>MILLER: Well, that
was the director.
I wanted to get the best, and
he asked me how to describe you.
I said, oh, Paul, I don't
know how I'd describe myself.
He said, Jackie Kennedy.
And David said, got it.
[LAUGHS]
>>LISA: Totally.
Totally.
>>MILLER: I'm like,
you said that about me?
I adore her.
Are you kidding?
I'll spend my whole life
trying to live up to that.
[LAUGHTER]
It's so funny.
You have no idea how
you're coming off in life.
You just don't.
>>LISA: No, it's good.
It's good.
So let's talk about eclipses.
How do they impact
us and what should we
do when there's an eclipse?
>>MILLER: Well,
they're super strong.
And I want you to wait
until an eclipse has spoken.
I have, like, a
25-point little tip
sheet on the front
page of my website.
Go on the computer
so you can find it.
It's the lower left-hand side.
How to Deal with Eclipses.
Eclipses bring
things to the surface
that you had no
idea were going on.
And it comes up like a geyser.
And it gives you truth.
And they're non-negotiable.
If you lose your
job, or you break up
with your girlfriend
or your boyfriend,
don't beg to reverse it.
It's not going to happen.
It's like walking
across a rickety bridge
over a ravine that's very deep.
Don't look down.
But when you get to the other
side, the bridge falls away
and there's no way back.
You have to accept the
finality of an eclipse.
And don't lose your
dignity and beg.
It's not going to work.
It never does, because the
whole idea of an eclipse
is to push you forward.
>>LISA: Or don't have
significant events
during the eclipses.
>>MILLER: Well, it would
be best not to get married
on an eclipse--
>>LISA: Or break up.
>>MILLER: --or start a
business on an eclipse.
>>LISA: So are you talking about
lunar eclipses, solar eclipses?
What's the difference?
>>MILLER: Both.
In a typical year, we
have two lunar, two solar.
Actually in the coming
year, we have five.
A lunar eclipse is
always a full moon.
A solar eclipse is
always a new moon.
But they're normal, new,
and full moons on steroids.
They're three times as strong
as a normal average one is.
And as an astrologer, I
look to those eclipses
to see where the biggest
change is going to happen
in someone's life that year.
>>LISA: Now, what
about astrology
doesn't have anything to do with
freewill or your own choices
in life?
>>MILLER: Tremendously, it
has to do with freewill.
I could tell you
it's a good time
to start looking
for an apartment.
But if you say, I'm fine, I like
where I live, you can renovate.
You can pay.
You could do repairs.
If you say, no, I don't
really have any money,
then take a look out
in the flea markets.
You may get the
most beautiful desk
that you've been looking
for at a bargain price.
You can update your
everyday dishes.
You can do things on a
little scale or big scale.
Also, when you have
a good house of home,
you also get great
family support, too.
And your parents help you,
and give you great advice,
and may even loan you
money if you need it.
>>LISA: So many
people may not ever
look to astrology for answers.
>>MILLER: Oh, yeah,
you don't have to.
I'm not an evangelist.
But I feel it's
such an advantage
to know where your
areas of strength are.
And we're also focused on
things that are frustrating us.
When all these things over here
are growing in your garden,
pick that plum off the tree.
It's there for you.
Look at the whole 360.
I can show it to you.
I can tell you when to
act, when to hold back.
But in the end, it's up to you.
Reporters lately
have been saying,
is astrology popular because
no one believes in God anymore?
I said, you just put a steel
blade through my heart.
I would never, ever
be in a discipline
that was anti-religion.
Religion teaches us ethics,
how to treat each other,
how to realize that there is
a force bigger than ourselves
that has created
this beautiful world.
Actually, in the chart, it shows
your feelings toward religion.
The ninth house is the dogma.
The 12th house is your belief.
So there's a lot of
misconceptions out there.
And people say, don't tell me
I'm going to be hit by a truck.
It's not like that.
>>LISA: You're never
going to say that.
You're always so positive.
>>MILLER: [LAUGHS] Well,
it's because Little Mom was
so positive.
[LAUGHS]
>>LISA: That helps
in a good teacher.
>>MILLER: Yes.
However, having said
that, big life events
happen very near eclipses.
They do.
Now, It was funny, this
past couple of years,
I had an operation.
And the doctor picked June 12th.
I'm like, such a random day.
It's not a new moon.
It's not a full moon.
And I had to get two doctors--
>>LISA: I doubt he's looking.
>>MILLER: Oh, I know.
He wasn't looking.
But then I realized the
next month was July 12th,
and that was an eclipse.
So an eclipse can
affect you one month
to the day early or one
month to the day later.
>>LISA: Oh.
>>MILLER: So when you
have a very big event,
just scribble down on your
calendar the day it happened.
You won't remember a year later.
And often, I'm asking you
to look back in my column.
I write 40,000 words
a month, my monthly.
My monthly is what
put me on the map,
because people like the detail.
And the average person
comes in 3.2 times.
So I want you to keep a
little bit of a record.
I know Oprah tells you to
write journals, but most of us
don't have time to do that.
People have children, and jobs,
and they have things to do.
So just write, met a
new person, or signed
my lease on my apartment,
or whatever it is.
Whatever's big, just
make a note of it.
>>LISA: On calendars.
>>MILLER: It's kind of
fun at the end of the year
to look back and see
what happened that year.
>>LISA: So why does it
impact a month before
and a month after to the date?
>>MILLER: Because we
deal with bell curves.
Astrologers are dealing with--
it's part of the algorithm.
>>LISA: OK.
So it can impact either way.
>>MILLER: And you think, oh,
I've avoided the eclipse,
and it's the month
to the day before.
[LAUGHS] It's OK, though.
I like that kind of separation.
It's OK.
>>LISA: And then what
about full moons?
What's an intention?
>>MILLER: A full moon will
bring everybody together,
tremendous energy, and it
will give you a conclusion.
And it may be something you've
been working on six months
ahead, because the new
moon, let's say in Ares
might be in April, but
the full moon in Ares
won't be until October.
So let's say you're
trying for a hard job.
Lots of people want it, and
you don't want to be annoying.
So you want to call up
right before a full moon
because they're
coming to a collusion.
I tell you in my column
when to make those calls,
because you want to do
it at the right time.
>>LISA: So do you
set intentions?
Because I'm always called
to that beautiful--
>>MILLER: No.
A new moon, you plant things.
>>LISA: Oh, OK.
>>MILLER: A full moon is
really the culmination
of all your hard work, although
my book came out on a new moon.
That means a new beginning.
And if my publisher is
happy, which is Meredith,
it means the fact that my
book came out on the new moon
suggests that if
I do a good job,
I'll get another offer
to do another book.
So on a full moon,
it just means you'll
get a lot of press attention
and things like that.
There's a big spotlight
that goes on in a full moon.
>>LISA: But in a
new moon, it means--
>>MILLER: It's time
to plant seeds.
>>LISA: OK.
Good to know.
So intention-setting at
that time is a good idea.
>>MILLER: Yeah.
You have to know what you want.
Time can go through
your fingers.
You really need markers.
And astrology gives you that.
And every month, I tell
you what that new moon
will help you with it's
usually a very specific part
of your life.
To look for an apartment,
to start dating again,
to get a new job.
But there's one new moon a year
that happens at birthday time
that you can use like a gift
certificate anywhere you want.
The universe wants to see
what's important to you,
so you direct it where you want.
But you have to act right
after that new moon.
Not before.
Right after.
And then it's the
strongest at the beginning,
and then it peters slightly
until we get to the full moon,
and she's spent all her energy.
The beautiful white
moon, who comes
in her gown and
her white gloves.
And she's now tuckered out
and needs her sleeping beauty.
And then the full moon
comes in to take her place.
[LAUGHS]
>>LISA: I love that you
personify planets and moons.
>>MILLER: Oh, I think of
them as little people.
I talk to them.
[LAUGHS]
>>LISA: You do, don't you?
>>MILLER: I love them.
>>LISA: Well, you have
to to do what you do.
>>MILLER: Yeah.
>>LISA: Now, do you ever see
significant events happening,
like the Me Too movement
or significant movements?
>>MILLER: Well, it's amazing
about the Me Too movement.
Jupiter is not only the
giver of gifts and life,
but the great healer.
And he rules sex,
money, and power.
He came in October 10th of 2017.
And almost a week later--
I don't know when Mr.
Weinstein hit the news,
but it was within 10
days or two weeks.
And it caused a
sociological shift,
the likes of which I wouldn't
have thought possible.
And it's still going on.
We're still hearing things.
And different
industries are falling
like dominoes, because
entertainment was first--
and music, of
course-- but there's
going to be other
industries, too.
So it's not going to be over.
But you're going to want to--
Jupiter brings justice.
>>LISA: Having voices
heard, and so forth.
>>MILLER: And it's
heartbreaking at times.
Somebody like Charlie
Rose, who I always enjoyed
his documentaries, I miss them.
But then I understand.
>>LISA: But at
the same time, you
can't do horrible
things to people.
>>MILLER: No.
I understand why the
networks said no.
>>LISA: Yeah.
So it's all coming into
balance, into justice.
>>MILLER: Yeah.
>>LISA: Now, let me
ask you, if you could--
and I know you're
really good at this--
to run down the signs.
And as you're listening,
listen for your sign
here, because I know
you can do this.
>>MILLER: Oh, sure.
>>LISA: In a quick manner.
>>MILLER: Ares, it's all
about travel this year.
You have to pick
a far destination
and really have that
awe-inspiring experience.
If you say you can't go, you
have a little baby, whatever,
you can go back to school.
You can go for your
graduate degree,
or you could just take classes
in a subject once a week
and maybe get your
husband to babysit.
The Taurus.
Taurus is the one
sign that loves
to see their bank account grow.
They actually sit
on a Friday night,
and have a glass
of wine, and admire
how their savings are going.
They're going to be
delirious this year!
They have a lot of
good news with money
and how well they're
paying down debt,
and really giving it
their all, and they're
going to see amazing strides.
And if they need to borrow
money or get venture capital,
fantastic year for that.
Gemini, it's all about marriage.
The sign most likely to marry,
or if they're already married,
to do well through
their husband or wife,
or they can use it
in a business way
to do well with their
agent, or publicist,
or if you are the
publicist, you're
going to have a great
talent to represent.
And you're both going
to make a lot of money.
And it's going to do very well.
Twosome is the
answer for Gemini.
Cancer, it's all about
health and fitness,
and eating right, and feeling
like a million dollars,
and getting to
your personal best.
And if you work--
let's say you're self-employed--
cash register rings.
People keep coming in.
You're going to have
to hire extra people.
Leo, It's all about
love, romance, happiness.
It's also about baby.
That's my number one question.
Can I have a baby?
Women are getting babies later.
And this is the best year to
have that baby if you want to.
>>LISA: What if you're a man?
>>MILLER: Yep.
Well, you could be married to
a woman who's having a baby,
or you can direct
it into creativity.
People say my book is my
baby and a portfolio is.
Yeah.
Virgo, it's such
great real estate.
>>LISA: Really?
>>MILLER: I'm so
happy to tell Virgo.
They've had a hard time from
December 2014 to December 2017.
And they either had to take
care of a family member
or they had difficulties
with their house
for one reason or another.
Now it goes from black to white.
So happy.
>>LISA: When?
When does that start?
>>MILLER: It's happening now.
They're feeling it.
Actually, December and
June are the big months,
December of 2018 and then next
year June, end of May and June.
Libra.
Oh, gosh.
This is the year to
communicate and learn
how to communicate in
a sophisticated way.
Start a blog.
Start a podcast.
Write for a magazine
or a newspaper.
Do documentaries.
Someone's going to give you
a podium and a microphone.
Use it.
>>LISA: Wow.
Good on you.
>>MILLER: [LAUGHS] So sharpen
your skills if you're a Libra.
Scorpio.
Money, money, money.
You're going to be
paid best of any sign.
You're going to do
phenomenally well.
So don't be afraid
to ask for the raise.
>>LISA: Wow.
>>MILLER: Money's just
going to come to you.
It's like magic.
>>LISA: To a lot of signs.
>>MILLER: Well, it's the
best in 12 years, remember.
They're not used to
seeing anything like this.
Now, the one sign where it's the
Cornocopia and it's everything
is Sagittarius, because
Jupiter's in Sagittarius,
and it is the sign that rules.
And they get love, money,
business, they travel.
And that's the one thing
that's so important to them.
Many Saggs put off marriage
so they could travel.
But it could be a baby.
Whatever you want
spiritually or materially,
this is your year to get it.
Pick one or two things
and work toward them.
Capricorn, you're
in a waiting mode.
You're going into your best
year in December of 2019.
So you have to clear the decks.
Empty your basket,
cause the universe
wants to fill it with goodies.
But if you have too much
in your basket already
and haven't deleted the things
that no longer interest you,
you're like a little
kid in a candy store
eating too many candies
and getting a tummy ache.
[LAUGHS] You really
need to make room.
But it's a wonderful
time to have someone
speak well about you
behind the scenes
that you don't know about.
Then we have Aquarius.
Aquarius, it's all about
friendship this year.
I want you to join a club.
I want you to get
out of the house.
Now, I don't have to really
try too hard with Aquarius,
because they love to socialize.
But this year, I want
you to expand your circle
and see people of different
professions, not just
your own industry.
And some of those people are
going to be lifelong friends.
This is a very important year.
It's also a year you could
do something for charity.
And this is the sign that's very
sensitive to the environment,
to humanity, to the animals.
Pick what you're
passionate about.
Roll up your sleeves.
What you learn in
a volunteer job
can be used in your day job.
Also, if you want
to run for office,
this is the year you'll
build a big constituency.
And finally, we have
Pisces, the modest sign
has the biggest career of
his or her life this year.
Oh my god, fantastic.
>>LISA: It sounds like
a great career for life.
>>MILLER: Yeah.
There's lots of
opportunity this year.
>>LISA: And money
and everything.
>>MILLER: Yeah,
this is exciting.
Yeah.
It's a good year.
>>LISA: Incredible.
You're amazing.
>>MILLER: [LAUGHS]
>>LISA: I mean, to know
these and to really
be able to recall this
is absolutely phenomenal.
So now does this also
apply to teenagers?
>>MILLER: Yes.
>>LISA: It does.
But when you're
talking about career--
>>MILLER: You have
to be about 12
before you start to feel these.
But let's say they're a Virgo.
And they're 10 years old.
Their parents may move and you
may get your own room finally,
and not have to share it
with your little sister,
and you're just happy.
>>LISA: Well, what
about when you're
talking about money and love?
How does that translate?
>>MILLER: Well, yeah,
you do have to be older.
>>LISA: A little older, yeah.
>>MILLER: You do, yeah.
I remember reading
horoscopes in the newspaper
and they were talking about
your marriage partner.
And nothing was going on.
I didn't know what they
were talking about.
So yeah, you do have
to be a little older.
>>LISA: What if someone is going
through a particular challenge?
Do you ever point
towards astrology
to see when it's going to be
over, how it's going to end?
>>MILLER: Yeah, I can
tell when the pain ends.
I can always tell that.
I can go backwards and forwards
in time, which is incredible.
>>LISA: Wow.
>>MILLER: Because it's math,
and you're looking at the tables
that NASA gives you.
Yes, I know when the
pain ends, but you're
supposed to learn something
from the experience.
You're not supposed
to set your watch.
So I can give ideas of
what you could learn
and how to treat it.
I can even tell if you
should get a-- let's
say it's a health concern.
You should see a second opinion.
I think everybody should
get second opinions.
I've lived in
hospitals all my life,
and every doctor gives
you little breadcrumbs
that are different
from the one before.
And when you put all this
information together,
you can a better decision.
>>LISA: Yeah.
You need a team these days.
>>MILLER: Yeah.
>>LISA: Do you know someone's
sign based on when you see them
or meet them?
>>MILLER: No, it's not like that
circus thing, can you guess.
No.
[LAUGHS] I can sometimes.
But we are a very complex
combination of planets.
Did you know that
your chart will never
be replicated again in time,
space, or geography ever?
The implication of
that is enormous.
>>LISA: We're so unique.
>>MILLER: It means your
eyes, your sensibilities
are valuable.
You know when you
were little, and you
used to hear songs on the
radio, and you were wondering,
why do people like that?
I don't like that.
And then you grow up and
you don't listen to that
because you're contributing
something else to the world.
Those fresh eyes
are so precious,
because as you're
growing up, you're
seeing what's wrong
with the world.
And you can be one of the people
that helps to add and improve
the world.
But you shouldn't listen
to what your mother tells
you, or your professor,
or your best friend.
Do what you're passionate about.
>>LISA: What does it mean
when someone's on the cusp?
>>MILLER: It means
that they're born
right about when the
sun is about to move
into the next constellation.
And the cusp babies
always feel like they're
nobody's child, when in
fact, they're the luckiest.
Like, let's take November 22nd.
They take all the
best from Scorpio.
The shrewdness, the
good business sense,
the fabulous negotiation,
the determination and passion
of Scorpio.
And all the philosophy, and
optimism of Sagittarius,
and the love of travel,
and cultures, they
get both, because you can't
put a fence in the sky
so that there's a blending.
Almost think of watercolors
and those two are blending.
And they're actually
the luckiest.
>>LISA: Some of the most
creative, brilliant people
I know are more on the cusp.
>>MILLER: Yes.
>>LISA: Yes.
>>MILLER: So now
they're actually lucky.
>>LISA: Great.
That really helps in
not being judgmental
if you really know everyone
has their own unique imprint.
>>MILLER: I'm amazed
that people are
so judgemental in
our society, and I
don't know when that happened.
>>LISA: Because people
are not like them.
>>MILLER: Well, since the
dawning of mankind, it's been,
I guess, irresistible
to make fun
of what you don't understand.
I say that to some of the
reporters who review me.
[LAUGHS] You have to take a lot
when you become an astrologer.
But I always say, just
follow me for six months
or have your chart done.
Don't say it doesn't work if
you've not studied it or even
tried to learn about it.
Make an attempt.
>>LISA: Well, your
accuracy is incredible.
And that is, I think,
one of the reasons
why you have such
a huge following
is because you are so accurate.
>>MILLER: It's the
German side of my family.
Do you know I wrote
for Vogue Japan,
and we got this request
from them it was on Excel.
And they were asking so
many questions about my year
ahead a few years ago.
And I said to my secretary, I
don't even know where to begin.
She said, well,
let's do it together.
And in my mind, are they
asking me to rewrite this?
I'm not really sure, but she
said they need it in 10 days,
so we better start.
So every night we went through.
And then I said, tell me if you
want me to rewrite something.
And they said, Susan, you
just passed a big test.
We were testing you.
And we wanted to see if you'd
come up with the right answers.
And you passed the
test beautifully.
It was just a test.
We're not changing your copy.
Oh my god!
That is so nice that
you did that, oh my god,
that you cared enough.
They kind of cross--checked
in different ways.
>>LISA: OK.
That's journalistically
responsible.
>>MILLER: And I love
that they did that.
>>LISA: Yeah, you
write for a lot.
>>MILLER: Yeah.
No one else has ever done--
Yeah.
"Vogue Japan," "W Korea,"
"Tempo" in Turkey,
"Claudia Brazil," "Amica
Italy," "Esmo" to Spain, "Vogue
Germany," "Vogue China," "Grazia
France" and "Elle Australia"
are just occasionally.
The others are all the time.
>>LISA: So it's
universal language?
>>MILLER: Yes.
And you know what?
The CEO of the company and the
janitor have the same request.
They want to find love.
They want to have their
children do well and be healthy.
And you want to push back
the borders of your life
to see what you can
make of your life.
It's a very creative
experience living.
And creative people
tend to love astrology.
They love the symbolism
and the what-ifs
they can do with astrology,
because astrology has such firm
structure that, let's say you
came in and say, all right,
I've just been made editor
in chief of this magazine.
What should I worry about?
And just like the
kings in Mesopotamia,
is there advancing armies?
Is there famine?
Are we going to run out of
money for defense, or whatever?
And I can answer
those questions.
And I can see your state
of mind when you were five.
I can say, what happened
when you were really little?
I said to one of my
photographers, I said,
what was so sad
when you were born?
Your mother was just so sad.
>>LISA: And you see
this in the chart?
>>MILLER: And he said, I
don't know, I'm adopted.
That's what it is.
She didn't want to give you up.
Did you ever look for her?
He said, no, I didn't.
I was happy with the new
parents they gave me.
I mean, I was so small.
I said, it broke her heart
to give you up, David.
So I can see that in a chart.
>>LISA: Is that responsible
to tell someone?
>>MILLER: Well, I
think it's nice to know
that his mother loved him.
Yeah.
That it wasn't, oh, well, here.
Take my child.
I don't want him anymore.
>>LISA: So you can
look at the map
and see where the
significant events happened
backwards and forwards.
So what type of
person comes to you?
CEOs?
>>MILLER: Oh, all
kinds of people.
Actually, the Four
Seasons asked me
to do charts for their clients.
Now, I write so much it's
hard for me to read charts.
But when the Four
Seasons asks you
in Los Angeles on Doheny
Drive, I said, OK.
This one lady came to me.
She's very quiet.
I said, what do you do?
She said, I'm a designer.
I said, are you here for
the Creative Arts Emmys?
Because the whole hotel--
Yes.
I said, did you win one?
I said, oh, OK.
Well, I see you finishing a big
project, but it's bittersweet.
It's right on the
eclipse, July 12th,
or it was the next
eclipse, July 27th.
They come two weeks apart.
She said, it was July 12th.
I said, what happened?
She said, it was our
last day of filming,
and after five years
of being together.
I said, what do you work on?
She said, I am the chief
designer for "Game of Thrones."
And she said we would
never see each other again
because they've
ended the series.
So it was bittersweet.
And I said, but I see you
working on something new.
But you're in the
library a lot and you're
doing all this research.
>>LISA: And you see
all this in a chart?
>>MILLER: Oh, yeah.
And I said, it
starts in October.
So what's happening?
I said, I'm the first woman
ever to be given the job of set
designer for "Star Wars."
>>LISA: Oh my goodness.
>>MILLER: So I said, you're
going from the past and history
to the future.
And people will be studying
your work in the future
and how you design it.
Oh my gosh!
And she said, I know,
it's a big responsibility.
>>LISA: That's so wonderful.
>>MILLER: And I'll be working
in London with Lucasfilm,
she told me.
Oh, the best one.
My assistant said,
it was a couple.
A gay couple wanted to know,
would you do two of them?
I said, sure, if they
asked, of course.
So the girl.
I said, you've got to write.
You've got all these
planets and writings.
It's screaming, write!
She said, I do.
I write screenplays.
But now I'm writing for myself.
I write for television, but now
I'm writing a movie for myself.
So now I move to her
partner, who's an Ares,
and she's got all
these daring planets.
And I said, you
don't write, but you
do something, maybe even scary.
I don't know.
What do you do?
She said, I dismantle
bombs for the FBI.
I'm like, of course you do!
Oh my god!
She said, well, right
now I'm on loan for NYPD.
And I'm like, oh, good.
Are you two working
together on a movie?
She said, yeah.
>>LISA: Fantastic.
>>MILLER: I'm writing a
movie asked on terrorism,
and Jacqueline is showing
me how to do it properly.
I said, I love those movies.
When they're on
the phone, should I
cut the yellow wire, or the
red wire, or the blue wire?
And Jacqueline said to me,
what if they're all red?
I said, oh, gosh,
what happens then?
She said, I know
how to dismantle it.
>>LISA: Oh my goodness.
>>MILLER: I said, your mother
wants you to get a new job.
She said, yes, but I'm not.
[LAUGHS] She was such an Ares.
>>LISA: Someone should
do a movie on your life.
You have had quite
an amazing life.
I have to ask you--
>>MILLER: I love hearing
the stories though.
>>LISA: --what is the biggest
reason why you do what you do?
What is your biggest why?
>>MILLER: I want to
do for the world what
my mother did for me.
She gave me the courage to
learn how to walk again.
Believe me, I was getting
so many operations.
They put you on
a tilt table when
you have circulatory
problems, just
to learn how to be upright.
Then you go on
that parallel bars.
And just to get a
magazine across the room
was like going to Arizona.
And then you're back on the tilt
table after another surgery.
So you kept feeling
like it's Groundhog Day.
But my mother, she
would never come in
and say, how's the pain?
She'd say, Susie,
when they fix the leg,
you'll have so many shoes you'll
line them up against the wall
and say, which shoes
will I wear today?
And you'll have party dresses.
You'll be able to go to parties
and you'll be able to travel.
I could never travel
because I never
knew when an attack was coming.
I couldn't even go to camp.
I couldn't go anywhere.
I had to be near home.
She said, the whole world's
going to open up to you.
And I want to do exactly what my
mother did for me for everybody
else, because life is hard,
and there are challenges,
and you need guidelines.
And my mother said to me, don't
tell anyone you know astrology.
But it's such an
advantage, Susan.
>>LISA: Well, that's
what you tell everyone,
so it works for us.
Well, thank you so much for
sharing with us about destiny
and about astrology.
Thank you so much, Susan.
>>LISA: And thank you
so much for joining me.
If you'd like to watch more
inspirational programming,
you can go to
"Inspirations" on Gaia.
Am Lisa Garr.
And until next time, I
invite you to stay aware.
[MUSIC PLAYING]